# INST447 Project

### What are the factors of anime and how do they contribute to the rating score of that anime?

### Abstract
#### Anime, according to Patrick Drazen of Anime Explosion!: The What? Why? and Wow! of Japanese Animation are Japanese cartoons, or simply animation to a Japanese person (Drazen, p. 7). However, according to author Rayna Denison of Anime: A Critical Introduction, she argues that the definition of anime varies, depending on when and where one watches it (Denison, p. 1). “Anime is so multifarious in its forms and genres, its styles and audiences” (Ruh, p. 165). There are many formats of anime, including episodes of 25 minutes, movies, original video animation (OVA), specials, and many more, but for the scope of our project, we will be focusing on these four formats of anime listed. Over the past several decades, anime has greatly become more popular in regions outside of Japan due to expanded licensing and distribution (Bond, p. 1). Streaming services, like Netflix and Hulu, have also begun showcasing anime tv series on their platform, further contributing to the exposure of anime to a wider audience. “Netflix recently told The Wall Street Journal that more than 100 million households around the world watched at least one anime title on its service in the year to September 2020, up 50% from a year earlier,” according to Alex Dudok de Wit from Cartoonbrew (Wit, p.1).With the increase in the number of people watching anime, so has the number of people who have rated them. 
 
#### The purpose of our project will be determining the factors of the anime and how they contribute to the rating score of that anime. Such factors that we will be scraping for each anime includes: title, date of release, anime ratings score, number of members, producers, genres, number of episodes, sources, formats, and licensors. 
 
#### Our motivation stems from our love from not only watching anime, but also learning more about the anime as a whole and the culture of Japan. We believe that our analysis of the factors that contribute to anime ratings will benefit potential stakeholders like anime studios, networks, and streaming platforms. This will help anime studios decide what anime to create for viewers to watch and result into a successful anime before it is even created, saving time, production costs, and becoming more profitable. According to Alex Dudok de Wit from Cartoonbrew, “The anime industry grew to 2.5112 trillion yen (around USD$24.08 billion) in 2019, according to the Association of Japanese Animations (AJA). This figure, a 15.1% rise on 2018, is an all-time high” (Wit, p.1). Our analysis of an anime with high ratings will show what factors contributed to the success of that anime and potentially make a profitable impact for our stakeholders in deciding what anime to make. 
 
#### This report will describe our data collection process and methods used to reach our desired results. Since there was little available information of existing .csv files for data on anime, we web scraped to collect data from MyAnimeList using the Python library BeautifulSoup. Next, we used summary statistics and topic modeling on chosen titles from MyAnimeList for our factors and text analysis. We end with our results from our topic modeling and conclude that the commonality of top and bottom reviewed anime. An appendix is supplied at the end of the report, detailing resources used and description of variables.

### Part 1 code
#### Web scraped MyAnimeList Action anime for 3973 anime. Used Python Library BeautifulSoup to web scrape. Also did cleaning, string splitting and replacing, summary statistics, and graphing.

### Part 2 code
#### Subsetted top 300 Action anime, used topic modeling for text analysis for chosen top and bottom 5 anime. 
#### Top 5: Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood, Hunter x Hunter 2011, Jujutsu Kaisen, Cowboy Bebop, Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann
#### Bottom 5: Boruto Naruto Next Generations, Hundred, Kampfer, Dragon Ball GT, Absolute Duo
